Add recommendation for `imvj-restart-mode` in configuration of acceleration (#296)
precice/precice.github.io: pages/docs/configuration/configuration-acceleration.md

* The parameter `time-windows-reused` also limits the number of previous iterations, but in a per-time-window fashion. Iterations from older time windows than `time-windows-reused` are dropped. Note that, as we don’t know the number of iterations per time window a priori, this is not equivalent to setting max-used-iterations. For `IQN-IMVJ`, this parameter can be set to 0 as information from past time windows is implicitly used in the modified Jacobian norm minimization. For `IQN-ILS`, this parameter is an important tuning parameter, in particular if no filtering or filtering with a very low threshold is used. The optimum highly depends on the application, the used solvers and also the grid resolution. We recommend to choose a rather large value (10-30) and combine it with effective filtering (e.g., `QR2` with limit 1e-2) as a starting point for further optimization. With increasing degree of non-linearity of the considered application, the optimal value for `time-windows-reused` is expected to decrease.

> * While the `IQN-IMVJ` method exhibits excellent convergence properties as a result of implicit reuse of prior information, it also causes quadratic storage and runtime complexity because of the explicit computation of Jacobian matrix. To make this method practical for large-scale simulations, we introduced a set of `imvj-restart-mode` variants, which reduce the method's complexity to a linear one. In particular, the `RS-SVD` mode gives good performance comparing to other options while retaining the original MV convergence properties, although its performance slightly depends on the choose of the truncation parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* While the `IQN-IMVJ` method exhibits excellent convergence properties as a result of implicit reuse of prior information, it also causes quadratic storage and runtime complexity because of the explicit computation of Jacobian matrix. To make this method practical for large-scale simulations, we introduced a set of `imvj-restart-mode` variants, which reduce the method's complexity to a linear one. In particular, the `RS-SVD` mode gives good performance comparing to other options while retaining the original multi-vector convergence properties, although its performance slightly depends on the choice of the truncation parameter.
```
